Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[orchestra warming up]
[metallic click]
[audience applauding]
[applause ceases]
[orchestra begins playing
dramatic music]
[breathes deeply]
[chuckles]
Voice: Laila!
Laila...
[breathing deeply]
[whimpers. gasps]
[gasps]
[playing shakily]
[inaudible dialogue]
[gasps]
[audience murmuring]
[dramatic music resumes]
[gasping]
[gasping for air]
[sharp gasp]
[gasping continues]
[sighs]
-Man 1: Boo!
-[audience murmuring]
-Man 1: Come on. people...
-Laila...
-Man 3: Shut up!
-Laila.
Woman: Stop!
[echoing] What happened
to your hand?
What happened to your hand?
[screams]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[dramatic theme playing]
[knocking on door]
[rap music playing]
[sighs] Mm-mm...
You're young. You're fine.
You're single.
And you've been practicing
all damn day.
One drink.
Well. I have an audition
coming up.
Is it with the Phil?
No. It's. uh. some session work.
Okay. So how about you audition
for some dick instead?
-[laughs]
-'Cause that's the only
-session work you need. girl.
-Uh... Uh-uh.
No. no. I can't.
Uh-uh. uh-uh. uh.
Listen. when you get
your own place.
you can practice as much
as you want all night.
But as long as you live
under my roof.
you live under my rules.
-Oh. wow.
-Okay? Get your ass up.
Get ready. We going out.
We're getting drunk.
Come on. bitch! Come on.
[sighs]
Move that ass. sistah.
[dramatic theme playing]
[clicks tongue]
[rap song playing]
[crowd cheers]
All right. ladies.
Cheers to making mistakes.
Hopefully I make a big one.
[Monique laughs]
[Jasmine chuckles. inhales]
-Mm...
-Uh-oh. I know that face.
For real. Mm-mm...
You know. I'm guest teaching
in the morning.
No problem. Most of these dudes
won't last five minutes.
-[laughs]
-At all. Okay.
But seriously. Lai.
you know we love you.
-And we support you.
-Mm-hm.
Girl. you working too damn hard.
-You gotta live a little bit.
-Mm.
-[music picks up]
-[crowd cheering]
Jasmine: Bitch. yes!
-Come on.
-That's our jam. Come on.
-Come on. please.
-No. I'm good. I'm good.
Girl. see. you're too good.
That's your problem.
[Monique] Let's go.
Jasmine: Get another drink.
Loosen up.
[classical theme playing]
[cell phone buzzes]
[hums quietly]
-Thank you.
-Waitress: You're welcome.
-[resumes humming. faintly]
-[man chattering indistinctly]
[jazz theme playing]
Waitress: More coffee. hun?
All right.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Mm...
[coin clinks]
[Nat King Cole's "The Very
Thought of You" playing]
Hm... Hm...
[chuckles]
♪ The very thought of you ♪
[sighs]
♪ And I forget to do ♪
♪ The little ordinary things ♪
♪ That everyone ought to do ♪
♪ I'm living in ♪
♪ A kind of daydream ♪
♪ I'm happy as a king ♪
♪ And foolish
Though it may seem ♪
[inaudible dialogue]
♪ To me that's everything ♪
-Laila: You're crazy.
-Okay...
There's moments
I can give you compliments.
[both laugh]
It's just about the energy
you give. you know.
All right.
[both laugh]
♪ You'll never know... ♪
Hey. Is something wrong?
It's just.
I don't usually do this.
Right. Of course not.
I didn't mean
to presume you did.
Well. maybe another time. Laila.
♪ Your eyes in stars above ♪
♪ It's just
The thought of you... ♪
Or... [chuckles]
maybe just this once?
[inhales through teeth]
♪ ...my love ♪
[chuckling]
[song continues playing]
[moaning softly]
[panting]
♪ It's just The thought of you ♪
[panting continues]
♪ The very thought of you ♪
♪ My love ♪
[song ends]
[slow theme playing]
"Marcus."
[slow theme continues]
-[applause]
-[Laila chuckling]
Thank you. [chuckles]
You all have the potential
to be incredible musicians.
And learning to play well
with others
can create something magical.
You both did amazing work today.
[school bell ringing]
I'm so proud of you. all right?
Hope I get to come back
again. Bye.
-[chuckles]
-That was really beautiful.
Sorry to startle you.
but I was in the hall.
and when you started to play.
I had to stop and listen.
Thank you.
-Audra Jelani.
-Laila Calloway.
Oh. your playing
is extraordinary.
[chuckles]
A-are you with the Philharmonic?
Hm. [inhales]
No. I wish.
They hold auditions once a year.
I made it to
the second round twice.
But with talent like yours...
I'd say third time's a charm.
Do you believe in fate
or serendipity. Laila?
I came here to meet with someone
about tutoring my granddaughter.
and sadly. I was stood up.
So were you looking for a tutor?
Yes. a full time live-in
music tutor for Zuri.
Her mother's nearing full term.
and with the new baby coming.
she'll have less time
to devote to Zuri's needs.
And we need somebody
who's focused on her.
Especially with her recital
coming up in a few weeks.
Respectfully. Ms. Jelani.
I am extremely flattered.
but you don't even know me.
[smacks lips softly]
I tell you what.
Why don't you come
to our home and meet Zuri?
We'll have tea.
[whimsical theme playing]
[gates squeak]
-[gates rattle open]
-Oh...
Oh. shit. Okay.
Security:
Good morning. Ms. Calloway
Audra: Laila...
So glad you made it.
So. were my directions
clear enough?
Oh. they were very easy.
-Oh. great.
-I made it straight here.
and I was...
Well. welcome.
-Oh. it's gorgeous.
-Oh.
Yes. It's remarkable. isn't it?
-[chandelier chiming]
-Yes...
Custom made in Italy.
This house
belongs to my daughter.
but this is the one piece
that's my design.
[laughs]
[sighs softly]
[suspenseful theme playing]
Zuri. Come down and meet Laila.
♪ Ooh ♪
Hi.
Oh...
Let's have that tea
we talked about.
[chuckles]
-Laila: Thank you.
-You're welcome.
It's a Malawian blend.
Mmm. It's delicious.
Mm...
Are you seeing anyone?
Hmm?
I don't mean to pry.
I'm just wondering about
other commitments.
Just my music.
True artist.
And what about family?
Any siblings?
Just me.
Well. a few things
you should know.
Mm-hmm...
This is a hypoallergenic house.
All clothing
must be natural fibers.
So we'll provide your uniform.
And most importantly. we don't
allow any non-organic foods.
Zuri has many allergies that
could send her into anaphylaxis.
And we keep allergy pens
in the kitchen. just in case.
[sighs]
Her mom is very protective.
[suspenseful theme playing]
[exhales]
Audra: Imani.
Imani. I have someone
I want you to meet. darling.
[chuckles]
Imani...
This is Laila Calloway.
She's. um. here for
the tutoring position.
Hi. It's so nice to meet you.
[sighs]
[smacks lips softly]
Pretty.
Thank you.
Your home is
absolutely exquisite.
-And I am just so honored...
-Mm... Come.
To be here. I will make sure
not to let your family down.
I can't wait to work
with your daughter.
It's really gonna...
-Have a good session.
-Yes.
-Please. Come.
-[Imani breathing deeply]
Zuri is Imani's
by her first marriage.
-Uh-huh.
-She was modeling in New York
and she met this rap artist
named RGB.
Perhaps you've heard of him?
Laila:
RGB? Reginald Garvey Bell?
-[laughing]
-Laila: Yes. of course.
Everybody knows who he is.
-He was... [giggles]
-Uh. talented. Yes.
But unfortunately. he couldn't
overcome his upbringing.
you know...
-[speaking indistinctly]
-Gangs. drugs.
And he overdosed.
It happened on Zuri's
fourth birthday.
So we try not to talk about him.
Of course. I understand.
Good.
My son in law
is a music manager.
He worked with Reginald.
In fact. that's how he
and my daughter met.
I am sure that he would
be anxious to hear you play.
He's very well connected
at the Philharmonic.
-Really?
-Mm...
[practicing on piano inside]
Uh. let's meet your
potential student. shall we?
[chuckles]
[piano practicing continues]
Zuri. stop playing. please.
Zuri. stop playing. now.
Take off the mask.
You first. Gram.
[whimsical theme playing]
[exhales softly]
[chuckling]
Zuri: No.
Audra: Um...
Zuri. this is Laila.
a remarkable musician. who
I hope we'll be seeing more of.
Hi. Zuri.
Say hello. Zuri.
If you die in your dreams.
you die in real life.
Did you know that?
No. I didn't.
Be careful what you dream.
[resumes practicing]
C minor.
[plays different chord]
F minor.
C minor.
[plays different chord]
Or you can go C minor.
F minor. G7.
[playing chords]
But. oh. no. you're still dying.
D flat major back to C minor.
[continues playing chords]
Once you master triads. you can
build any harmony you want.
Every chord tells a story.
It's up to you what you want
the music to say.
[solemn theme playing]
[exhales softly]
[chuckles]
Mmm.
Jasmine: Goddamn.
-And you get to live here. too.
-Laila: Mm-hm.
Their daughter Zuri
needs special assistance.
and it's just easier that way.
Jasmine: Girl. look at this.
Half of these songs
came out after he passed.
♪ We gonna level up ♪
♪ Make sure you elevate
Let's just level up ♪
He's more popular now
than he was alive.
-And?
-And I'm just worried.
That type of money.
that makes people crazy.
Okay. Well.
for what they paying me.
I will deal with crazy.
Twenty-five hundred a week.
Car payments. student loans.
the couch surfing...
And you know.
that was never a problem.
I know. but it's...
just this job will allow me
to pay off debt and teach music.
It's the perfect opportunity.
for now. So don't worry.
Well. I only worry
'cause I love you.
I know. but it's also Zuri.
I really connected
with her today.
I can tell
she's... brilliant and...
and curious. And...
And she reminds you
of Anaya. hm?
Girl... You know your sister
would be so proud of you.
And Zuri's very lucky
to have you.
You know that. [pats arm]
Uh. Dre turn the game off
and wash up.
And give me those Hi-Chews.
[dramatic piano music playing]
[chuckles]
[practicing]
[suitcase clattering]
[grunts]
-Your keys.
-[gasps]
[chuckles] Oh. hi. I'm Laila.
I'm Zuri's new piano tutor.
[chuckles]
I need your keys. not your hand.
Yeah. Um. sorry about that.
-[keys jangling]
-[exhales]
[whimsical theme playing]
-[chuckles]
-I'll make certain
it's properly maintained.
Laila: Yeah. just try not
to clean the rust off.
It's the only thing keeping
this baby going.
[giggles]
And quite a bit of luck.
I would imagine. Hmm.
Hm.
[whimsical theme continues]
[sighs] Okay.
Hm?
Hi. I'm Laila.
Femi. Come.
I take you to your room.
Thank you.
You are in the guest house.
[giggles]
[whimsical theme continues]
[Femi groans]
You want to play?
You go outside.
Day. night. it doesn't matter.
Used to be a recording studio.
The walls. the windows.
all soundproof.
No one will hear a sound.
Ooh!
[bright theme continues]
[gasps]
-Thank you.
-Mm.
Where's your room?
Only the nanny stays here.
The nanny and them.
[laughing]
Oh. I'm just the piano tutor.
Hmm-mm...
You're hungry. tutor?
[chuckles softly]
No. thank you.
You want anything. you ask.
Otherwise. you stay out.
Kitchen is my place.
And everyone in this house.
they know their place. Hm?
Hmm.
[door closes]
[squealing. giggling]
[mellow theme playing]
Thank you. Jesus.
Hoo!
[exhales deeply. laughs]
[suspenseful theme playing]
Oh. hey. Zuri.
[dramatic piano theme playing]
[alarm clock beeps]
[dramatic piano theme growing]
Hey. Why'd you stop?
You were playing
really beautifully.
Okay. we're gonna try it again.
This time. let the music flow
right through you. okay?
Tutoring Zuri will be
your primary focus.
but you'll be responsible
for other odds and ends
from time to time.
Odds and ends?
Audra: Yes.
Helping out here and there.
Laila: Hmm... I see.
You excited to see
your teachers?
Kinda...
[dramatic piano theme continues]
Laila:
Breathe and allow the notes
to just flow
through your fingers.
Okay? Your turn.
Oh. Laila.
Imani likes her green drink
after her nap.
Please put that back
in the refrigerator.
Laila: Nice finger work.
We'll also need to pick
a great recital piece for you.
Audra: Ambition
is nothing to hide from.
The line between prosperity
and poverty is razor-thin.
Believe me. I've been there.
That's it. So good. Zuri.
Audra: You have to take your
opportunities where they come.
[exhales deeply]
You'll get your shot.
[Vivaldi's "The Four
Seasons (Spring)" playing]
[sizzling]
[pepper mill crunches]
Good morning. Femi.
Femi: Mm-mm...
Audra asked if I could help
with the service.
Mm. How it starts.
I wonder what she's gonna
ask you to help with next.
-Okay. Apron. Second drawer. Mm.
-Okay.
-Is that for Zuri?
-Mm-hm.
[Nat King Cole's
"I Got Love" playing]
♪ I got love
Written all over... ♪
Hold on a second.
Let me see.
What is that?
It's Zuri's breakfast.
Femi told me to...
I don't care what Femi said.
You're serving it. aren't you?
What is it?
It's. um...
It's vegan pancake
with coconut cream.
berries and a banana.
Well done. Laila.
Put the plate down.
Of course.
Oh...
[chuckles]
-Imani.
-It's all right.
My green drink. please.
Audra: Zuri. you know the rules.
No devices at the table
and take the mask off
-so you can eat...
-I'm so sorry.
This beautiful breakfast.
Thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
Mm-mm.
♪ ...written all over His face ♪
♪ I got L-O-V-E
Written all over the place ♪
Mm...
[doorbell rings]
Mm... Sounds like Daddy's home.
-Femi: How was your trip?
-Audra: Oh.
Laila. have Femi prepare
another plate for Marcus.
Marcus: Something smells good.
Smells good to be home.
[laughs] Yeah.
[Femi laughs]
Marcus: What's this?
[Marcus speaks indistinctly]
-[laughs]
-♪ I got love ♪
Marcus: You know
what you're doing. girl.
You know what you're doing.
-[music distorts. slows]
-♪ Written all over my face ♪
Marcus: Oh. you don't miss.
Femi. You don't miss.
♪ I got L-O-V-E ♪
[music resumes normally]
♪ What a remarkable case ♪
♪ I truly like
The way you spell ♪
♪ And. dear
Your penmanship is swell ♪
You got Femi making faces now?
♪ ...V-E ♪
-♪ All over my face ♪
-[giggles]
-♪ He's got love ♪
-♪ I got love ♪
♪ Written all over... ♪
Take that off.
I like it.
She looks like a Dahomey Amazon.
Marcus:
I see we have a new warrior.
And who might you be?
-♪ All over ♪
-[gasps]
♪ My face ♪
Hi. Hello. How are you?
[gasps]
[shatters]
Imani: For Christ's sake.
I just had the floors redone.
Femi? Femi?
Audra: Imani.
Marcus. this is Laila.
the new nanny.
Not the best first impressions.
I'm so sorry.
Nice to meet you. Laila.
Don't worry. It's all right.
Mistakes happen.
Baby. how was your trip?
Marcus: Not too bad.
Yeah. Hi.
[Marcus moans. kisses]
And how is that group you were
chasing? Did you close the deal?
Still playing hard to get.
but they'll come around.
-What is their issue?
-I'm so sorry.
-[Femi speaking indistinctly]
-They've seen your roster
and the success you've had
with the back catalog.
Mother. please.
-He's a genius.
-Mother. please.
He just got back.
-Please. please.
-All right.
[chuckles] Babe.
why don't you sit down
and have breakfast with us.
Marcus:
Thanks. but I'm not hungry.
I had something on the plane.
All I need is a shower
and a kiss from you.
-Mmm...
-[both kissing]
-[Marcus moaning]
Oh...
[Marcus continues moaning]
Enjoy.
[towel thwacks]
[clicks tongue]
[Imani sighs]
[suspenseful theme playing]
Marcus: What are you doing here?
What do you want? Money?
I mean. h-how did you
even find me?
Are you serious?
Your mother in law hired me
to tutor Zuri. Okay?
-This is insane.
-I didn't know. I swear.
So you expect me to believe
that this is all just
some weird coincidence?
Well. guess what?
It doesn't matter.
Because I quit. right now.
I knew this job
was too good to be true.
-Hold on. Just...
-Let me go!
Wait. just hold on.
No one knows about this.
No one has to find out.
You're married.
-Look. I'm sorry.
-Hmm-hmm...
Okay? I made a mistake.
A mistake?
Look. If you want to quit.
I-I won't stand in your way.
It's just... Imani's been
unsettled recently.
-Hm...
-And if you leave now.
she'll be suspicious.
Hm...
I'm afraid of what
she might do to herself.
To the baby...
Is Audra paying you all right?
-Mm-hmm.
-I'll double it.
Please. please. stay a few days.
[gasps. inhales]
Zuri. what have I told you
about sneaking up
on people. huh?
I heard whispering.
We were. um. discussing
your mom's baby shower.
I asked if Laila
could help plan it.
You said I could help plan it.
Well. I thought. maybe
you could use an assistant.
Isn't that right. Laila?
[breathes heavily]
At your service. mademoiselle.
[suspenseful theme playing]
Well. I'll. uh.
leave you to it. then.
It's okay.
I don't need much help.
But I think. maybe. you will.
[people vocalizing]
What the fuck?
[music box playing
faintly in background]
[music box grows louder]
-[smacks against glass]
-[gasps]
[hissing]
Oh. hell no!
[cell phone ringing]
[breathing nervously]
Hey. girl. What's up?
Hey. girl. Listen.
Okay. so it says here
that they auctioned
a Basquiat for $30 million.
Is that for real?
They white people rich.
Mind your business!
I'm just trying
to live vicariously
through you. Okay?
-[scoffs] Mm-hm?
-Anyway.
-how is the champagne life?
-It's complicated.
Complicated? Good or what?
Well. remember. um.
I told you about that guy
I met at the diner?
Yes. The most interesting
man alive.
Yes.
The "best sex you ever had" guy?
[laughs] Yes.
Torpedo Dick?
Jasmine! [laughs]
What about him?
[sighs] Okay. well. um...
Turns out he lives here.
He's the husband.
Jas?
-[laughing]
-Yes!
One week with the other side
and you already wildling!
I love this. I didn't think
you had it in you.
I can't even hold you.
What happened to being
worried about me? Hm?
That was before I saw this
beautiful-ass Black man.
Goddamn! I just know he packing.
Nah. he's married is what he is.
Which goes against my policy.
She probably knows all about it.
These rich people.
they be freaky as hell.
I'm telling you.
I'm on the clock Jas.
Girl. you're fucking the boss!
You can do
whatever you want. okay?
I mean... Brin!
Mind your business
and eat your croissant.
[doorknob rattling]
Leaving all these flakes
on the ground.
I'm not vacuuming that.
-Hold on.
-What? What's wrong?
[footsteps receding]
You okay?
-Lai.
-Let me go.
Lai! Did you...
[phone disconnects]
The girls don't know how to say
a proper goodbye.
-That's just rude.
-[camera shutter clicks]
[door opens]
[suspenseful theme playing]
Hello?
[woman groans loudly]
[woman sobbing]
[suspenseful theme
turns dramatic]
[sobbing continues]
Imani.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Everything's fine.
I'm just. um. making space.
Mother insists I wear
the new season.
and Marcus has seen me
in half of these already so...
What do you think of Marcus?
He's. uh... He's. uh... He's...
Yeah. I know.
He's beautiful. and he's rich.
Women claw each other's eyes out
for men like him.
-Do you have a man?
-No.
A woman?
-[laughs]
No.
Sexy little thing like you.
You should be enjoying
yourself with whoever you want.
True love is dangerous.
It's terrifying.
[sobs quietly]
If it's not.
then what's the point?
Have you ever been choked
during sex?
[grunts softly]
Mm-mm.
It's the best orgasm
you'll ever have.
Mmm...
Have Femi drop these off
at Goodwill.
I won't hear the end of it
if Mother sees them.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[buckles unlatch]
[dramatic theme playing]
[sighs]
[gasps]
[chandelier chiming]
-Zuri: F sharp.
-Laila: Mm-hm.
-Zuri: D... F sharp.
-You got it!
You are a natural. Give me some!
[chuckles]
[Zuri breathing heavily]
[dramatic theme playing]
[playing a mid-tempo tune]
I don't think I know this one.
Is this a Zuri original?
[door closes]
[Zuri playing a scale]
So that song you were playing.
it was beautiful.
I'd love to hear you play
that song again.
It could be our little secret.
[dramatic theme playing]
[playing song]
[Laila chuckles]
[Laila playing
improvised accompaniment]
[both chuckle]
[Laila exhales]
That was so beautiful. Zuri.
Thank you for sharing that
with me.
It also makes me feel
kind of sad.
How does it make you feel?
Less alone.
[dramatic piano theme playing]
Hi. Miss Jelani.
I was wondering
if I could ask you something?
Of course!
And please call me Audra.
[chuckles]
[clicks tongue]
Yes. uh. it's about Zuri.
I was wondering about play dates?
Oh. we don't do that.
Our focus is more on
Zuri's education
and her self-actualization.
Yes. but socialization
is just as important
and I worry about her.
We don't pay you to worry.
[chuckles]
[tender theme playing]
She's had a hard time
these past few years.
I don't suppose
she's mentioned anything to you
about her biological father?
-Memories. anything like that?
-No.
She's the one who found him.
[sighs] Oh. my God.
She was uncommunicative
for months.
but then after
a few months of counseling.
she started
to come out of her shell.
speaking in her own unique way.
That mask seemed to help.
Her father gave it to her
as a wall hanging.
but she seems to treat it
like a...
Kind of like a security blanket.
[chuckles]
I don't think
that's what it is. Miss Jelani.
Respectfully.
I think it's more of a shield.
Something that she wears
to protect herself
when she feels
something is... wrong.
Well...
I'd have to say that she
has been wearing it
less frequently.
so she must be feeling
more protected.
Perhaps thanks to you.
Laila. we all appreciate you.
but sometimes it's hard to watch
someone come in and connect
when we've been struggling.
especially Imani.
You know what?
Why don't you join us
for dinner tomorrow night?
Having us all together
like family
might just be
the thing everyone needs.
Would you?
-Of course.
-Fantastic.
You know.
Fridays we dress for dinner.
so I'll find something for you.
I'm so excited!
[violin playing]
[tutor speaking in Korean]
[in English] This is my book.
Would you like to read it?
[speaking in Korean]
[in English]
Practice your tenses. Okay?
[speaks in Korean]
[computer chimes off]
Ahh...
I was hoping to catch
your tutor.
The group I'm trying to sign
has a lyric I need translated.
Can you help me out?
It's. um. it's that one
right there.
I made a...
Oh. hang on. smarty-pants.
Um... [mutters to self]
Laila. would you mind
transcribing?
-Sure.
-Thanks.
I made a mistake.
And now she's...
gon... gone!
My heart is broken
and I can't go on.
That's really sappy.
[laughs] There's something
lost in translation. sure.
But it's less about the words
and more about
how they make you feel.
Did you. uh. get all that?
Yes.
Thank you.
Have a great day. Zuri.
I'll have a few recital pieces
to practice when you get home.
Okay?
[dramatic theme playing]
Okay. Bye.
Bye!
[melancholic theme playing]
[engine revs]
[gasping]
[The Sunset Sound & Shelby
Lynne's "Misty Moon" playing]
Marcus: How'd you find this?
Imani: Did you see
the options they sent you?
Audra: I give up.
so I called the florist.
They're coming in.
and the catering.
♪ Outside tonight
In this restless city ♪
Oh. you look beautiful.
Hi. sorry.
I hope I'm not too late.
Not at all.
-Laila: Thanks.
-Lovely.
I fished it out of the pile.
It would be a shame to let it
go to waste. don't you think?
Oh. that presentation
is marvelous.
Marcus: Beautiful.
Family.
please enjoy your dinner.
-Thank you.
-Thank you Femi. it's lovely.
-Femi: Of course.
-Audra: Mmm...
I smell the scallions.
Is something wrong
with your food. baby?
I like when Laila makes it.
Hm.
-Can we just say grace now?
-Yes. Yes.
Heavenly father.
we thank you for this meal
and the blessings before us.
Watch over this family and
guide our thoughts and actions.
Help us recognize
our transgressions
and give us strength to be
faithful in our commitments.
Fill our hearts
with love and humility
that we may serve others
selflessly and honor your name.
Audra: Give us
grateful hearts. O father.
for all thy mercies.
and make us mindful.
Laila.
Grace circles the table.
[smacks lips] I...
I didn't know. I'm. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
May we walk in your wisdom.
Cleanse me from my sins
and restore me to your grace.
[unsettling theme playing]
Cleanse me from my sins.
And restore me to your grace.
[breathes deeply]
Hm.
In your name we pray.
-Amen.
-Imani: Amen.
-Zuri: Amen.
[quietly] Amen.
Bon appétit.
[unsettling theme continues]
Imani: Laila.
-Zuri: Laila?
-Imani: Laila.
-Zuri: Laila.
-Cleanse me from my sins.
-[giggles]
Imani: Cleanse me from my sins.
Zuri: Laila.
Any siblings?
-Just me.
-[gasping]
-[gasps]
-Imani: Laila.
[screaming]
[sighs]
Zuri: Be careful what you dream.
[door slams shut]
[giggles] And this one.
Pianissimo...
[whispering] it means very soft.
[normally] You know.
they kind of trade off
like a game of hide and seek.
You know hide and seek. right?
Sure. They play it at school
sometimes.
It's all rather silly. though.
My mom says it's important
to be mature.
To be a child is to be a victim.
Well. it's okay to enjoy
still being a kid.
[bee buzzing]
You still got a few years left.
-Ah! [panting]
-[grunts]
-[grunts] Get away!
-It's okay.
It's just a little bee!
-Get away!
-Okay. All right.
We're gonna go inside. Come on.
-Zuri: Get away from me!
-Come on. It's all right!
I can promise you. those bees
are way more scared of you
-than you are of them.
-[loud buzzing]
-Aah! It stung me!
-Hey. hey. let me see.
Oh. God!
-[wheezes]
-Oh. God.
Okay. okay! Zuri. Come on.
Sit right here!
It's okay! It'll be okay!
[Zuri gasping]
[ominous theme playing]
[heartbeats]
[wheezing]
Okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Please. Please.
Okay.
Zuri!
[ominous theme swelling]
[heart beats faster]
[Laila whimpering]
-[plunger hisses]
-[massive. deep inhale]
[ominous theme ebbs]
-[breathing heavily]
-[Laila sobbing]
It's okay.
I'm right here.
Audra: Relax. She'll be okay.
Although she will be okay.
in future.
have an allergy pen on you
at all times.
-Thank you doctor. we will.
-Thank you.
-Doctor: I'm glad you called.
[sobbing]
Hey. hey.
Hey. It's all right.
I didn't mean
for her to get hurt.
She's gonna be okay.
She wanted to go outside.
and I didn't think...
Outside? Without our
permission? You did this?
-I'm sorry. I thought...
-You're sorry?
-I was helping her...
-You thought what?
-She had allergic reaction...
-What?
-We don't pay you to think!
-Imani. the baby!
Jesus Christ!
You're not Zuri's family!
Do you understand?
You're not even her friend!
We pay you
to spend time with her!
You're the help. Laila!
Do you understand that?
The fuck are you thinking?
-Imani!
-Do you understand that?
-What?
Stop it!
[Laila sobbing]
[huffs]
Fuck!
[door opens]
-[door slams shut]
-Okay.
[chuckles] Come on. Laila!
[screams. giggles]
[Anaya giggling]
Jasmine [on phone]:
That sounds really scary. Lai.
Laila: It was.
I was so worried.
Jasmine [on phone]:
Now I'm getting worried
about you again.
Jas. I'm okay.
Jasmine [on phone]: You're
getting too caught up. Lai.
She's not Anaya!
You don't owe these people
anything.
I can't just leave her.
[sighs]
Zuri: Sorry about Mommy.
Sometimes she gets mad and.
and does bad things. but...
She doesn't mean to.
[chuckles] It's okay.
She was just worried.
I was too.
And your grandma and your dad.
We're just all happy
that you're okay.
Marcus isn't my real dad.
My real dad died
when I was little.
I know.
[Laila inhales deeply]
I'm sorry.
Thank you for helping me.
[sighs]
I will always take care of you.
[dramatic theme playing]
[Laila sobs]
[slow jazz music playing]
-[doorknob clicks]
-[music volume drops]
Hey.
Can I get you a drink?
[door closes]
I shouldn't.
Just this once?
[chuckles]
[bottle squeaks. pops]
[liquid pours]
[bottle thumps]
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Ah.
Half inch tape. Reel to reel.
That's what RGB
made his recordings with.
I'm sure Zuri's told you
all about them.
No. actually.
It's over 1000 hours.
You know. once he got
his own studio.
he insisted on
recording everything.
Part of his genius. I guess.
His voice is still with us.
And even in death...
his legacy lives on.
Marcus. I'm sorry for your loss.
That's what the whiskey's for.
[glasses clink]
Until things blow over.
Imani's in one
of her dark seasons.
She's going through a lot.
you know.
You don't need
to make excuses for her.
I just wanted to protect
Reggie's legacy.
Look after his people.
He was my guy.
And family
was everything to him.
And with my own child
on the way.
I understand that now
more than ever.
[sighs]
[glass thuds]
I lost someone too.
My sister.
She would have been Zuri's age.
She had asthma.
They didn't know
how severe until. uh...
She died before the ambulance
even got there.
Died in my arms.
So... [exhales]
Today with Zuri...
My God.
I can't imagine.
[machine beeps. music
stops. tape flapping]
[sighs]
Good night.
[door closes]
[chuckles]
[dramatic theme playing]
I know this is wrong...
but being with you was...
the first time I felt anything
in a long time.
When I close my eyes...
all I see is you...
[dramatic theme playing]
Us that night.
[sighs]
God.
Why didn't I meet you first?
But Imani...
Don't worry about Imani.
I only want you.
[Coco Jones' "AEOMG" playing]
♪ Sit me on the counter
Neighbors need a preview ♪
♪ You could Romeo me
I'ma Juliet you ♪
♪ Bet you wanna make me
Your wife ♪
♪ Bet you got a big appetite ♪
[gasps]
♪ Fresh up out the shower
But it's gettin' filthy ♪
♪ Usin' all my vowels
Legs up on the ceiling ♪
[panting]
♪ Talkin' 'bout A-A. E-E
Oh. my God ♪
♪ A-A. E-E. oh. my ♪
♪ It's never too much
Never too much ♪
♪ Never too much
♪ Never too much. never
Too much ♪
♪ Baby. don't take it
Easy on me ♪
♪ Know I want more
So keep it coming ♪
♪ 'Cause it's never too much
Never too much ♪
♪ Never too much
♪ A-A. E-E. oh. my God ♪
♪ A-A. E-E Oh. my God ♪
[both panting. moaning]
♪ Down to waste my time
I'm up in your city ♪
♪ We could rendezvous
Now we're on a mission ♪
♪ Turn the music up for me ♪
[Laila gasps]
♪ You know I can sing on it
No crowd ♪
♪ Fresh up out the shower
But it's gettin' filthy ♪
[panting continues]
♪ Usin' all my vowels
Legs up on the ceiling ♪
♪ Talkin' 'bout A-A. E-E.
Oh. my God ♪
♪ You gon' make me
Fall in love ♪
[mirror squeaks]
[ominous theme playing]
[gasps]
[ominous theme ebbs]
"You make me feel alive."
-[chuckles]
-[school bell rings]
-So. did you have a good day?
-Yeah.
Did you know that under the fur.
tigers have striped skin?
Oh. I didn't know that.
Each pattern is unique.
Kind of like a fingerprint.
Okay. so don't tell me
you're gonna try to get
a pet tiger now. are you?
[both chuckle]
No. I don't think my snake
would like sharing a closet
with a tiger.
-But tigers are cool.
-Hey. Hey. hey. Come on.
Their stripes are like
camouflage
that mimics vegetation.
This helps them better navigate
their surroundings.
And not only does it help them
to ambush prey.
but also to avoid danger.
-Zuri! Zuri!
-Hey. no. just get back!
Somebody. get her off me!
Somebody help us! Please!
Just let me say hello. please!
-Somebody help us!
-Zuri!
-Guard: That's enough.
-Woman: Zuri!
Let me say hi!
-Get off of me! Zuri!
-Erik: Get out!
[speaking indistinctly]
Laila: Who was she?
Marcus: We don't know yet.
We're trying to find out.
Look. Reg meant a lot
to a lot of people.
His music's powerful. and
sometimes it makes folks crazy.
[door opens]
What happened?
An incident at the school.
I didn't ask you. What happened?
Someone tried to
get Zuri's attention.
but Erik handled it
and everything is okay.
-Why didn't you come and get me?
-Because. um...
-We didn't want to wake you.
-Wake me?
[sighs]
[scoffs]
Imani: Zuri.
Baby. could you come here?
[dramatic theme playing]
Can I hug you?
[chuckles]
Mommy is really trying.
And I promise you.
I'm gonna be better. okay?
I promise you.
-Can I take this off?
-No.
[Imani clears throat]
[sighs] Laila. could you
draw me a bath. please?
No. I can do that.
I asked Laila.
Of course.
[unsettling theme playing]
[water splashing]
Imani: Mmm...
Mmm...
Could you help me
with my legs. please?
Just there.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
Marcus used to do this for me.
We used to take baths together.
Couldn't keep his hands
off of me. heh.
He used to make me
these little origami figures
with love notes in the folds.
He used to do a lot of things.
I didn't want you here.
you know.
I told them I didn't need help.
but Marcus and Mother
insisted. so...
[Imani exhales]
[sharp inhale]
Oh. the baby's kicking.
Come here. Come here.
[chuckles awkwardly]
Imani: Wait.
[unsettling theme continues]
[chuckles awkwardly]
[laughing] You feel that?
[both chuckle]
I'm sorry I snapped
at you back there.
It's okay.
I was just really scared.
I see so much of Reg in Zuri.
Life is so fleeting. you know?
The people you love
could be gone in an instant.
Yeah.
You could be gone in an instant.
-Ugh. Shit. I dropped my ring...
-It's okay. I got it.
Your hair. Your hair.
It's okay.
Here it is.
[Metronome ticking]
[breathing audibly]
[piano playing]
[continues ticking]
[plays discordant notes]
Zuri. I am so sorry.
You now have my full.
undivided attention.
Are you okay. Laila?
-Zuri...
-[ticking stops]
I want you
to listen very closely.
Sometimes when you feel
something is wrong...
it's okay to be extra careful...
and to trust your instincts.
The Zulu believed that instincts
were a guide
from ancestral spirits.
[chuckles sadly]
Yes. That is a very good way
to think about it. [sighs]
What if something feels off
but you don't know why?
Then you do everything in
your power to protect yourself.
And you listen
to those ancestors.
What are the ancestors
telling you?
[sighs]
[violin playing]
[chuckles]
[mellow theme playing]
Laila: What are we doing?
[Laila hums]
[Laila panting]
You can't answer that. can you?
[both panting]
I know this is complicated.
[sighs. panting]
But whatever this is...
Don't stop.
[panting] Don't stop.
It's real. Laila.
Real is worth fighting for.
There's a jazz standard called
"Never Let Me Go."
It's gonna be played
at the baby shower.
You know it?
Mm-hmm.
And we wanted the band
to play it. but I thought...
Go on.
My friend from the Phil
will be there.
[chuckles]
Hmm?
And I think that
you should play it.
The violin solo.
[chuckles]
It'll be a great opportunity.
Your own private show. basically.
Oh. my God. Marcus. Thank you.
[chuckles]
-Mmm.
-[kiss]
You deserve it.
[jazz music playing]
[people chattering indistinctly]
Femi: These are presents.
Let's put them here.
-Audra: Oh. honey. you made it.
-Guest: Audra.
You did... All the gifts are
over there. Please get a drink.
-Okay.
-[camera shutters clicking]
Oh. that's beautiful. Yes.
[Audra chuckles]
Aww. Give them
that Vogue pose. darling.
Zuri. smile.
Oh! Thank God
she doesn't have the mask.
Oh. hello. I'm so...
[sighs]
-Hey.
-Is that really her?
-It sure is.
She's your ticket.
-What if I'm not ready?
-You've never been more ready.
[chuckles]
-I'll introduce you. Come on.
-Okay.
Marcus: This is your shot.
Laila.
Meet the moment.
[band continues
playing jazz music]
[all applaud]
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen.
It's my great pleasure
to introduce
a very special couple.
Let's celebrate
their new addition.
And help me welcome
to the dance floor.
Marcus and Imani Walker.
Audra: There they are!
[chuckles]
-[guests cheer and whistle]
-[man shouts out indistinctly]
Host: And now you're in
for a real treat.
We have the lovely
Laila Calloway on her violin.
Imani: Mm-hmm...
[heartbeats]
[heart beats faster]
[ominous theme playing]
But with talent like yours...
I'd say third time's a charm.
[playing beautifully]
[playing discordant notes]
[smooth trumpet
playing over violin]
[shuddering]
[sinister theme playing]
[gasping]
[chuckles]
[huffs angrily]
[silverware clatters]
Laila: How could you do that?
-How could you do that to me?
-Erik: Stop it.
-Why?
-Get ahold of yourself.
-What is wrong with you?
-[Erik grunts]
You're sick. This is bullshit!
Erik: Calm down.
[dramatic theme playing]
Whoa! Sorry about that.
everyone. Band. please.
[playing jazz music]
Please come and join
this beautiful couple
[chuckles] on the dance floor.
Cheers.
Yeah.
[breathing heavily]
[jazz music fades]
[sniffles]
You really disappointed me.
Laila.
Imani had her suspicions.
but I didn't think
you were capable until now.
We'll find a way to tell Zuri.
She'll be heartbroken. you know.
You have this week to finish
preparing for her recital.
before we part ways.
I really thought better of you.
You owe us.
You owe Zuri.
[scoffs]
[sobs]
It's for the best.
This place kills you
or makes you wicked.
[discordant notes play]
[sighs]
[cell phone chimes]
[message chimes]
[dramatic theme playing]
Laila: I found her address.
She wants to meet.
[Jasmine sighs]
Jasmine: Girl.
are you sure about this?
Laila: There's something
going on in that house.
It's Zuri.
I feel like she's trying
to tell me something.
Like. she's in danger.
And I'm the only one in
that house who could hear her.
[Laila sighs]
Look. I know it sounds crazy...
[seat belts click]
But I at least want to hear
what she has to say.
-You got my back. right?
-Yeah. bitch.
[sarcastically] Always.
-So no more fucking.
-Laila: Jasmine!
Charmaine:
Reg had a after-school program.
It was his heart and soul.
[rapping indistinctly]
His way of staying connected
to the community. you know?
[audience cheering]
I was on the board.
took care of the financials.
A few months after he passed...
they called to say
the rent check bounced.
Now. he had a trust set up.
Enough money to run
that place for years.
Decades. Come to find.
it got amended.
But they wouldn't tell me why
or by who.
Toxicology report said he...
died of an overdose.
Overdose?
-That's bullshit. I say!
-[ice in glass rattles]
Reg was scared somebody
was trying to steal his money.
Money that was meant for Zuri.
He said if anything happened.
he left something
in the house to prove it.
-What did he leave?
-Well. he wouldn't say.
That business.
All them people around him
had him so paranoid.
he didn't even trust
his own mother.
I know how this sounds.
but I promise you.
[sobbing] My son did not die
of no overdose.
Imani killed him.
[serious theme playing]
Okay.
Charmaine: Laila.
Jasmine: Thanks for
the sweet tea. Come on.
-Laila. wait. please!
-Thanks for having us.
Laila! Imani can't get
around that trust.
Laila. come on.
Whatever Reg left in that house.
you need to find it first.
For Zuri's sake. I beg you.
I'll do what I can.
Girl. that bitch is crazy.
Mamas never believe their kids
are doing drugs.
I bet even Snoop Dogg mama
is in denial.
Lai.
You don't actually believe
all that stuff she was saying. right?
-No.
-Okay. so tell your face.
And please get
my ass home quick.
-I need to hold my crystals.
-[Laila sighs]
[car door closes]
[mid-tempo music playing]
♪ I ain't got it all
Figured out ♪
♪ Two chains
One watch still on ♪
♪ Nigga'ed out ♪
♪ RGB. AMG. yo Tearin' it out ♪
♪ Niggas wanna kill you
For your dreams ♪
♪ Before you live 'em out ♪
♪ 'Cause if you die in your
Dreams. you die for real ♪
♪ Like the wall's closing in
That's how it feels ♪
♪ I could tell something off
It don't feel right ♪
♪ I know snakes move in silence
But they will bite ♪
♪ Now if you die in your dreams
You die for real ♪
♪ Like the wall's closing in
That's how I feel ♪
♪ I could tell something off
It don't feel right ♪
♪ I know snakes move in silence
But they will bite ♪
♪ I said. it's RGB
Nothin' harder than me ♪
[suspenseful theme playing]
[breathes deeply]
[chandelier chiming]
[ominous theme playing]
Okay.
[breathing deeply]
[music box playing]
[breathing rapidly]
[hissing]
-Hey. little guy. Hey.
-[lid clatters against wall]
[breathing rapidly]
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Oh. I'm not gonna hurt you.
Be still.
[hisses]
Stay still.
[gasps]
Oh. shit.
-[hissing]
-[gasping]
Just stay right there.
Just. just stay there.
Whoo! [gasping]
Whoo!
[panting in relief]
[box playing music]
[button clacking.
music continues]
[music stops]
[tender theme playing]
[tender theme grows suspenseful]
[door closes quietly]
Audra: There was a time
you couldn't wait
to get this over with.
And now you're hesitating.
It doesn't suit you.
Marcus: I'm not hesitating.
I'm being cautious.
I just don't like
what we can't control.
We have to find out
what she knows.
Audra: I agree.
Loose ends are a motherfucker.
And then we do
what needs to be done.
Marcus: Just like we planned.
Good.
Because soon you'll have the son
I always promised you.
And we'll be
a real family. okay?
Okay.
And I'm grateful.
Mmm...
[inhales sharply]
[Marcus moans softly]
Show me how grateful.
Show me. Show me!
[unsettling theme playing]
-[whispering] Yes.
-[kisses]
[moaning] Oh. God.
[moaning]
[Audra moans indistinctly]
[both moaning]
-Choke me.
-[gasps]
Choke me. yes... [gasps]
[Audra moans]
[Marcus laughs]
[on voice mail] Hi. it's
Jasmine. Leave a message.
[buttons clacking]
[message chimes]
Should you be in here?
It's my house. Isn't it?
But Imani...
She's... resting.
Hmm.
You going somewhere?
I was just. heh. getting
ready to pick up Zuri
and have our last lesson.
No lesson tonight.
Zuri has a... after-school thing
with friends.
She'll be home late.
Well then. it. uh...
looks like
I have the night off. huh?
Hmm...
Hmm.
[breathes deeply]
Audra needs your help
in the kitchen.
[violin jangles and thuds]
It's dinner time.
[Ledisi's "What A Difference
A Day Made" playing]
♪ What a difference A day made ♪
[chuckles softly]
I should change.
No.
Join us. It's our last meal.
Sit.
♪ Brought the sun ♪
♪ And the flowers ♪
♪ Mm. where there
Used to be rain ♪
♪ My yesterday Was blue. dear ♪
Audra: It's been so long
since I prepared a meal.
The main course
will be ready shortly.
♪ My lonely nights
Are through. dear ♪
Uh-huh.
♪ Since you said You were mine ♪
Laila: No. thank you.
[exhales sharply]
Audra: Oh.
Hm.
♪ There's a rainbow Before me ♪
♪ Skies above... ♪
Mm.
♪ ...can't be stormy ♪
[cell phone vibrating]
♪ Since that moment... ♪
Laila. you know the rules.
No devices at the table.
[chuckles] Yes.
♪ It's heaven when you ♪
Mmm.
♪ Find romance on your menu ♪
We wanted to talk to you
about Zuri.
So. has she talked to you at all
about her biological father?
She actually
doesn't talk about him.
It wouldn't be
a violation of her trust
for you to share
something with us.
Come on. Laila.
All we wanna know
is what Zuri
has told you about Reg.
What she's told me? Yeah.
[Laila clears throat]
Yes. what she's told me. um...
[gulping]
[inhales sharply]
Yeah.
She has told me
that her dad gave her
that mask that she wears.
and that he loved
African history.
She also told me
that she doesn't really
think about him very much.
that she barely remembers him.
and how she thinks of you...
as her father now.
[slams hand on table]
[dish clatters]
Cut the bullshit.
We know that you met
with Charmaine.
Was that Zuri's idea? Or yours?
[groans]
[dishes clatter]
[dramatic theme playing]
Oh...
You don't have
much more time. Laila.
Mm-mm.
Tell us what Zuri knows.
You wouldn't want her
getting hurt. now. would you?
Zuri doesn't know anything.
What did Charmaine tell you?
[phone clatters]
-Hm?
-[laughing nervously]
-What did you find?
-[whimpers]
Tell us what you found.
[inhales sharply. gasping]
She's innocent.
Please don't hurt her.
I could never hurt her. dear.
[grunts. inhales sharply]
I pay people to do it for me.
[gasps]
What did you find?
[echoing] What did you find?
Look in her violin case.
Same place she keeps
her little love notes.
Why are you doing this?
Reg was selfish. Shortsighted.
Mm-hm.
He left everything to Zuri.
And we stand to inherit nothing.
My son gets nothing.
And I made that motherfucker.
So you used me.
[chuckles]
We needed someone
Zuri would trust
and Imani would hate.
[laughing]
When it's all over.
Imani will tell the story.
And there'll be no doubt.
[ominous theme playing]
Audra: It's simple.
You saw a pathway of excellence
through our family.
You were obsessed with Marcus.
and slept with him
under the same roof
of his pregnant wife.
And when he
finally rebuffed you.
you lost control
and tried to attack her
at her very own baby shower.
Dozens of prominent
community members
-saw it and witnessed it.
-Imani.
You wanted revenge.
You wanted to hurt Imani
by taking away the one thing
that she really loved.
You were more than negligent
with Zuri.
Our family doctor
will attest to that.
And when that attempt
didn't work...
I've got dinner.
You purposefully fed Zuri food
that you knew
she was deathly allergic to.
Laila made it special for you.
And tragically. Zuri died.
That's a good little girl.
The guilt was just too much
for you to bear.
I made a mistake.
And now she's gone.
My heart is broken.
[distorted laugh]
[echoing] And I can't go on.
Audra:
Such beautiful handwriting.
And sadly tonight...
you tragically took
your own life.
[seagulls crying]
[phone chiming]
Audra: Dinner is over.
-And the child?
-It's done. Now hurry up.
[phone disconnects]
[seat belt unbuckles]
[suspenseful theme playing]
[exhales loudly]
[whimpering]
[grunting]
[gasping. coughing]
[seat belt unbuckles]
[grunting]
[button beeps]
♪ See I believe in money ♪
♪ Power. and respect ♪
♪ First you get the money ♪
♪ Then you get
The muthafuckin' power ♪
♪ After you get
The fuckin' power ♪
♪ Muthafuckas will Respect you ♪
♪ The key to life
Money. power. and respect ♪
♪ Whatchu' need in life
♪ When you eatin' right
Money. power. and respect ♪
♪ Help you sleep at night
You'll see the light ♪
♪ It's the key to life
Money. power. and respect ♪
♪ Whatchu' need in life
♪ When you eatin' right
Money. power. and respect ♪
♪ Money. power. and respect
♪ Ayo my whole clique
'Bout it. 'bout it ♪
[seat belt clicks]
♪ Truck. step out. the whores
Wanna crowd around it ♪
[yells]
[screaming]
Come on!
[Erik shouting in pain]
[panting sharply]
[gasps]
-[yells]
-[screams]
Laila: Please!
Get away from me!
-[gasps]
-[screams]
[gasping]
-[grunting]
-[continues screaming]
Erik: You fucking bitch!
[groans loudly]
[Erik groaning]
[squishing]
[panting]
How you like my Prius now?
[gasping]
[dashboard chiming]
[engine revs]
Zuri. I'm coming. Zuri.
[tires squeal]
[door opens]
[dramatic theme playing]
[door closes]
Zuri.
Oh. my God. Zuri. Zuri.
Zuri. please. Please. don't die.
Laila!
Oh. my God.
Are you okay?
Audra brought me dinner
but something didn't feel right.
so I trusted my instincts.
You listened to the ancestors.
Uh-huh.
I took two bites
and stashed the rest.
-She hates my mask.
-[chuckles]
I'm gonna go find
your mom. okay?
And we're gonna get out of here.
Do you have anywhere
you could hide?
[men chattering indistinctly
on speakers]
Man 1: With all due respect.
you don't know
what you're talking about.
Man 2:
I'm talking about my money.
Marcus:
That was a routine amendment.
-I can walk you through it.
-What did I tell you?
-Marcus: Reg.
-Reg: No changes.
That's what I said.
Marcus: I'm looking after
your legacy here.
Reg: Zuri is my legacy.
Marcus: She's 3 years old.
What if something
happens to you.
or. God forbid. to her.
-Reg: The fuck you just say?
-Reg. listen.
Reg: Why are you so worried
about me all of a sudden. huh?
I ain't going nowhere.
You haven't been
yourself lately.
Reg: Are you trying
to gaslight me?
-Reg. you're paranoid.
-Reg: And you fired.
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Reg: I just did.
Get the fuck out of my sight.
This is Reginald Garvey Bell.
October tenth. 2020.
Something's been off.
I wasn't sure until now.
but if you're hearing this.
maybe I ain't around no more.
Something happened to me.
and it was Marcus Walker
that did it.
[gasps. exhales]
Reg: Follow the money.
[tape flapping]
[gasps]
[suspenseful theme playing]
[gasping]
[stifled. ragged breaths]
[muffled gasp]
[shushes]
Listen. It's not my fault.
I would never hurt Zuri.
I was trying to save her.
Audra. she...
It was supposed to be
about the money.
and no one was supposed
to get hurt.
[discordant notes play]
But I saw you two... together.
She blackmailed me.
Threatened to hurt Zuri
if I didn't go along.
I-I had to please her.
Laila. you gotta believe me.
You believe me. don't you?
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
[gasps]
[grunts]
-[Laila grunts]
-[discordant notes play]
-[screams]
[Laila gasping]
[choking]
-[discordant notes play]
-And for what it's worth.
I was starting to like you.
-[scratches]
-[Marcus screams]
Hey.
[Laila screams. grunts]
[both grunting]
Oh. is this the hand that
makes all that pretty music?
-[howling scream]
-[Marcus laughs]
[gasps]
-[panting]
-[Laila continues screaming]
[dramatic theme playing]
-[Marcus grunting]
-[Laila gasping]
[choking]
[yells]
[grunts]
[Laila coughing]
[gasping]
Where's Zuri?
Where is Zuri?
[footsteps approaching]
We have to find Zuri.
She can't be far.
[breathing raggedly]
[suspenseful theme playing]
[breathing heavily]
Imani: What?
-[gun cocks]
-[gasping]
Laila. you are wasting my time.
You couldn't save your sister.
And you can't save Zuri.
You keep Anaya out of this.
But she's a big part
of the narrative.
That's why we chose you.
Because if you let
your own little sister die.
what's another
little Black girl?
Fuck you. you
old miserable bitch!
Oh!
[Laila yelps]
Miserable bitch?
[howling scream]
[gasps]
[clothes hangers rattle]
Here!
Aah! Shit!
[grunts]
[Zuri groans]
Mommy! Mommy!
I'm coming. baby!
[Zuri screams]
I'm coming!
Marcus: Come on!
-Zuri: Get off of me!
-Get your ass. Z.
-Zuri.
-Please!
Zuri. it's okay.
-Come on.
-[groans]
I ain't playing with you.
-[Zuri groans]
-Audra: Come here.
You thought
you could outsmart me?
It's okay.
What now?
There's more food on the stove.
Force feed her if you have to.
We have to make this look right.
[panting]
What is it?
That's your granddaughter.
Your own blood.
How could you?
I used to be sweet like you.
Doing people's laundry.
doing people's dishes.
waiting on rich people
hand and foot.
And I vowed that
no member of my family
would ever want
for anything ever again.
-We need to rethink all of this.
-Shut up!
I gave my daughter
every opportunity.
education. exposure.
financial security.
only to watch her fall
flat on her face
in love with that ghetto trash.
So. no. this one?
-This one is no kin to me.
-Audra.
But the birth of my grandson
will bring a new legacy
of excellence.
and its name will be Jelani.
You...
You already have the money.
How could you kill
an innocent child?
'Cause loose ends
are a motherfucker.
-[yelps]
-[grunts]
[dramatic theme playing]
-[body thuds]
[whimpering]
Does she make you feel
alive now. Marcus?
Hmm!
I can't hear you.
-Imani: Zuri!
-[all gasp]
Zuri!
[gasps] Mother. [whimpers]
Imani.
Oh! Mother. what did you do?
What did you do?
-Oh. sweetheart.
-What did you do?
They were trying to hurt Zuri.
and I stopped them.
But don't worry.
Mommy will make it all right.
What did you do?
[dramatic theme continues]
Be careful! The baby.
-Don't worry. Mommy will...
-Look at me. Zuri.
Audra: Just stay where you are.
Listen. I'll come up there
and get you. Don't move.
I'm gonna come and get you.
-Imani: Zuri.
-I'm gonna come and get you.
Run!
-[grunting]
-[Audra groaning]
Fuck! Fuck you. bitch!
[dramatic theme swells]
[Laila grunting]
[Laila groaning]
Imani: Mother!
[glass shattering]
[screams]
-[whimpers]
-[screaming]
[glass shatters]
[breathing heavily]
Holy shit.
[electricity crackles]
Zuri! Zuri. baby.
Zuri: Mommy!
Baby. Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
-Mommy.
-Are you okay? Let me see.
Let me see. Are you okay?
Mm-hmm.
Oh. my God.
[dramatic theme playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[siren sounds]
[voice speaking indistinctly
over police radio]
[police officers
speaking indistinctly]
Officer: Are you okay?
Ma'am. are you injured?
[dramatic theme playing]
[piano music playing]
[baby babbling]
[quietly] Yes.
Charmaine:
That's my granddaughter.
[enthusiastic applause]
Yes. I know. that's right.
Zuri. with your Beethoven ass.
-[laughs]
-Period.
Good job. baby girl.
Imani: That's my baby. y'all.
[unsettling theme playing]
[gasps]
[unsettling theme ends]
Jasmine: Laila.
Laila. are you okay?
Uh-huh.
[dramatic theme playing]
[sighs]
[dramatic theme continues]
[♪]
♪ I... I can't sleep Never ♪
♪ You're on my brain Forever ♪
♪ On me like a fever ♪
♪ Don't wanna have
To let you go today ♪
♪ I can't sleep When you're ♪
♪ Out at night What if ♪
♪ You don't come back?
I know you'll ♪
♪ Pop your pills
So you can numb the pain ♪
♪ Hold my breath
Until I'm turning blue ♪
♪ Bite my tongue
Till it's bleeding truth ♪
♪ I close my eyes
Till I'm next to you ♪
♪ They don't know everything
That we been through ♪
♪ One telephone
So I never miss your call ♪
♪ I wanna be there for you
Through it all ♪
♪ Don't ever wanna
See you fall ♪
♪ I worry about you ♪
♪ I care. I do ♪
♪ You are never by yourself ♪
♪ There's no you
There's no one else ♪
♪ I worry about you ♪
♪ About you ♪
[singer vocalizing]
♪ Spinnin' out of control ♪
♪ Tryin' to feel something
Unpredictable ♪
♪ One day. you're good
The next. you're in the hole ♪
♪ What are you Escaping from? ♪
♪ Are you hidin'?
You're safe with me ♪
♪ Bless your heart. no
You don't have to run ♪
♪ Hold my breath
Until I'm turnin' blue ♪
♪ Bite my tongue
Till it's bleedin' truth ♪
♪ I close my eyes
Till I'm next to you ♪
♪ They don't know everything
That we've been through ♪
♪ One telephone
So I never miss your call ♪
♪ I wanna be there for you
Through it all ♪
♪ Don't ever wanna
See you fall ♪
♪ I worry about you ♪
♪ I care. I do ♪
[lyrics fading.
ominous theme plays]
♪ ...about you ♪
♪ About you ♪
[singer vocalizing]
♪ I worry about you ♪
[dance music playing]
♪ That's me ♪
♪ Everything makes me
Want some more ♪
♪ Said more and more And more ♪
♪ Said it makes me want
Some more ♪
♪ Every little thing
That you do ♪
♪ Said it makes me want
Some more ♪
♪ More and more ♪
♪ Say you got a man
Baby. not anymore. hey ♪
♪ I need some more
And some more ♪
♪ Every little thing that
You do makes me want more ♪
♪ A little more and more ♪
♪ Every little thing that
You do makes me want more ♪
♪ Both hands Around your waist ♪
♪ It look good
But how's it taste? ♪
♪ I'm too close
With my mistake ♪
♪ But every little thing that
You do makes me want more ♪
♪ We should be on
Some beach right now ♪
♪ You look good. baby
You look sexy right now ♪
♪ Go ahead. turn that thing
Right round ♪
♪ And it's soft. make me wanna
Sink my teeth. bite down ♪
♪ We could leave
And cleave right now ♪
♪ Every meat. cut that body
On T right now ♪
♪ Can't tell me nothing'
Is your thing right now ♪
♪ Girl. you the hottest thing
In the streets right now ♪
♪ I know you look like you
Should come with a warning ♪
♪ Look like everything
I ever wanted ♪
♪ So good We need to record it ♪
♪ Can't wait to run it back
In the mornin' ♪
♪ I need some more
And some more ♪
♪ Every little thing that
You do makes me want more ♪
♪ Baby. make me want Some more ♪
[The Sunset Sound & Shelby
Lynne's "Misty Moon" playing]
♪ Outside tonight
In this restless city ♪
♪ A night bird is singing ♪
♪ A mournful tune ♪
♪ Alone he's cooing
So soft and pretty ♪
♪ Haunted by the misty moon ♪
♪ Upstairs the shuffle
Of feet in rhythm ♪
♪ Young lovers dancing ♪
♪ They sway and swoon ♪
♪ He moves in close and
She's right there with him ♪
♪ Glowing in the misty moon ♪
♪ You came to me so lovingly ♪
♪ So tenderly and true ♪
♪ And now I'm left here
Suddenly ♪
♪ With nothing
But the ghost of you ♪
♪ Awake. I lie
With my eyes wide open ♪
♪ Who knows why ♪
♪ You had to go so soon ♪
♪ Somewhere I'll see you again
I'm hopin' ♪
♪ Underneath ♪
♪ The misty moon ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[♪]
[song ends]
[music box playing]
[music fades]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-